and now it's time to learn the Indiana
Jones theme tune which goes like this
okay that wasn't the best I've played it
but you get the idea
let's have a look at the first phrase it
goes to three on the D string and open G
and one on the be followed by zero to
three that's all on the D string and
then on the g string so open to open B
one on the E and then two on the G and
then b13 open e it was two in the d2 and
the G sorry
and then there's this run which goes
which is ascending on the B so and then
zero the high E string and then we've
done this one before so it's the same as
the first phrase so it goes to three on
the D string open G and the one on the B
string those two three open be open G
and then one
the B string and then the next phrase is
this it's three on the B open E then one
on the E string and the last few bars go
like this
so um place your third finger on the
third fret of the B string
and against those open open on the G
open E string there to run the B open G
once open e fed from the B
open G open e third from the B open G
and then finally open E and third from
the B so download the sheet and work
those out what those notes have one at a
time that's the best way to learn it
okay that was the Indiana Jones theme
tune next we'll I'll teach you the are
teach the Pirates of the Caribbean theme
tune so be sure to watch that video
thanks for watching